17-18-3 Oral Test
June 14th/15th, 2018

Discussion on provided topics 
Directions: Discuss the following topic with your partners for about 6-8 minutes. It’s advisable that you use ideas or/and language you‘ve learned in the related unit. (Note: Students have to understand that a discussion on a topic is not just a question-and-answer dialogue. You need to agree or disagree with each other by arguing for or against ideas. ) 
Unit 1
1. What are the features of a green campus? What can be improved to build a green campus at SEU?
A: Hello, xxx. Nice to see you. 
B: Hey, xxx. 
A: Have you read the article in unit1 about green campus?
B: Year, what’s up?
A: The champion of the nationwide RecycleMania competition in 2008 was tiny Kalamazoo(卡拉马祖) College rather than a powerhouse university like Harvard or Stanford.
B. Oh! I see. It was amazing for a small college to beat powerhouse universities and win the competition. As we all know, environmental degradation has reached a point that must be prevented, so taking measures is urgent and building up a green campus is one of the necessary ways. After reading the passage, about green campus, what do you know?
A: Well, on the one hand, just as Cornell president said:” Sustainability is no longer an elective ”, a green campus should take responsibility for calling on students to lead a green life, such as ambushing students in their rooms, preaching the virtues of waste reduction and so on. On the other hand, colleges must pay enough attention to sustainability like establishing Green buildings and launching related courses. For example, in University of California, there was a green building called green-roofed “Smart Home.” By the way, as a student in Southeast University, what do you think can be improved to build a green campus at SEU?
B: First of all, as a student, we should start from the little things in life to build up a green life. For instance, we can go out by bike instead of taxi. What’s more, school should pay more attention to the environment on campus, launching some relevant activities and appeal to students to participate. Not long ago, our school carried out planting tree activities, which is a good example. 
A: I am glad to talk to you.
B: me too.

2. What are the effects of deforesting? Give your comments on the quotation ¡°Humans have transformed the environment, and the environment has affected human events.¡±
A: Hello, xxx. Nice to see you. 
B: Hey, xxx. 
A: Recently, I learnt a surprising statistic that the forests of the world disappear at an annual rate of about 17 million hectares, about 4700 trees every day. About deforesting, what do you know?
B: Oh! That is so disappointing, as we all know, deforestation has many bad effects. First, forests, as habitats for most of animals including birds, monkeys and so on, are very valuable. Second, forests are also the most important source of oxygen for the earth. We can say, forests gave birth to all living things. However, as people cut down the forest, many habitats disappear, which attributes to animals’ dying out at a rapid rate.
A: I agree with your idea. In order to develop and survive, we need to consume lots of natural resource such as coal, oil, trees and so on. But we can not develop our economy at the cost of the depletion of too much natural resource, which is unworthy. By the way, have you heard of the saying “Humans has transformed the environment, and the environment has affected human events”, and how do you understand this sentence?
B: Let me think about it. As we all know, people’s activities has changed the world a lot, no matter good or bad changes, we does have transformed the environment. In turn, as the saying goes, the environment has also begun to influence human production life and development. 
A: As you say, so if we are kind to nature, protecting forests from cutting down and animals from dying out as well as keeping the balance of nature. We can survive and develop in a lasting and solid way.
B: That is right, the key is living in harmony with nature.
A: I am glad to talk to you.
B: me too.

3. Concerned about the threat of climate change, you are talking about ¡°low-carbon lifestyle¡±. 

A: Hello, xxx. Nice to see you. 
B: Hey, xxx. I just have something to tell you.
A: what’s up?
B: I have read a book about low-carbon lifestyle and climate change. In the book, it tells us that the annual average temperature keeps rising for the reason of green house, and we should live in a low-carbon lifestyle. So I have some questions to ask you for you have learnt a course about this.
A: That is ok, what is your puzzle?
B: Well, can you describe the harm of climate change?  I know it will affect the growth of crops, which is a double -edged sword.
A: OK. For one thing, the change of climate will change the behavior of many animals. And in this way, some animals will die out for they are not adapted to the environment. For another, some specialists have warned the world to expect more frequent and intense extreme weather events for the reason of the change of climate, and this is what we are seeing. We need to take measures. By the way, in the book, have you read something about preventing the climate from great change? 
B: Year, just as the author mentioned in his article, the key to keep climate stable is living a low-carbon lifestyle, reducing the emission of carbon dioxide, which is the source of the greenhouse effect. And if we can prevent greenhouse effect, the climate will tend to be stable. Only by the little things in life, can we lead a green life with less carbon dioxide. 
A: You are right.
B: Last, thank you for your answer. I am glad to talk with you.
A: it is my pleasure.

4. Discuss the kinds of pets you have owned or want to have and give suggestions on how to take care of them.
[A]: Hey, john.
[B]: Hi, Mehta, wow! How cool the dog is! Is he raised by you?
[A]: Yes. It¡¯s my pet dog, Lucky, a kind of poodle dog.
[B]: It¡¯s so cute. Will he be friendly to everyone?
[A]: hmmm¡­ I afraid not. If someone want to distribute him when he is eating¡­
[B]: Ha, I got it. Have you ever trained him and teach him to do some simple actions?
[A]: Well, I did. As you know, poodle is very smart and he can understand your purpose very in a short time and do the right response to your word like ¡®sit down¡¯, ¡¯stand up¡¯ and so on.
[B]: It sound¡¯s cool! How do you train him?
[A]: Although dogs can¡¯t speak and they also can¡¯t understand human being¡¯s words, they can catch humans¡¯ emotion and mood. Firstly, you should prepare some food he like to eat to reward his right response. When he did right, give him the reward and try again. After several times¡­
[B]: But what will you do when he did wrong? I did heard that in many circus troups, trainer will punish their animals in violence.
[A]: It has proved that training animals by violence is less efficient than training by reward. So using violent will do harm to animals physical and psychology.
[B]: I know. Oh, it¡¯s time to work. I¡¯m sorry that I have to go.
[A]: Yeah. See you.
[B]: Bye.


Unit 4
5. Do you agree with the statement that ¡°Man degrade themselles when they abuse animals¡±? Why or why not?
[A]: It's so said that nowadays there are so many bad guys degrade animals in such a cruel way.
[B]: Yeah, That's too crazy.
[A]: I just can't understand that way some guys can behave  unhumanistic.
[B]: Emmm... It;s hard to say. In some situations they just want to enjoy thenselves and regard animals as goods without life, In another way, they just get more profiles...
[A]: Why? Are dollars more presicouser than life?
[B]: Maybe they just think like that, who knows.
[A]: But if everyone bahave like them...
[B]: Well, Bad gays are minority. Most of us are think highly of animals life and regard animals as our friends.
[A]: So will man degrade themselves when theyabuse animals?
[B}: I afraid so. You know, if animals are  abused by humanbeing, it means that animals' life is same as plain goods.
[A]: Yeah, it will be too bad.
[B]: As a matter of fact, with more and more laws about animals protection and more and more animals protection fund founded I believe that things will go well.
[A}: I hope so. I can't image life without animals.
[B]: Yes, we will use our strength to prevent that happen.
[A]: Well, you can join our animals right protection club if you are interest.
[B]: Really? I'm glard to join in.,

6. Is it possible for man and wild animals to live together on the earth peacefully and harmoniously? Why or why not?
[A}; Hey, have you seen this piece of news?
[B]: Let me see... Ohhh, Why these guys can kill so many endangered animals in such a cruel way.
[A]: Yeah, I also can;t understand why they did such a unforgiveale mammer.
[B]: That's too crazy...
[A}: I can be sure whether it is possible for human beings can live harnmony with wild animals and live a percefully life together.
[B]: In my point of view. Human being can't live without animals...
[A]: You mean human being must keep them alive by killing them and bause them?
[B}: Certainly not. reasonable killing can't be avoid. We need animals protection such as lions have to hunt other animals.
[A]: So can humanbeings killing animals frely?
[B}: Of course not. Listen to me carefully please. Will, you see, lions just kill animals for food and they wont't kill to much animals so that all kinds of animals can live in a suitable scals.
[A}: But some guys kill too much.
[B}: Yeah, it is where the problem is. These monority people do harm to the balance of the ecology. But, I believe that human being can live haimony and peacefully with animals.
[A}: I hope so.
7. What are the difficulties that koalas are facing? Discuss with your partners and find workable solutions that benefit both koalas and landowners. 
A: Do you like koalas? I mean that circular and little lazy animals, look at the picture, they are too lovely!
B: Yeah I like it, but it’s so sad that maybe those lovely animals cannot be survived for a long time.
A: What makes you say such a terrible word? After all, in my memory, Kola is the national treasure of Australia.
B:Yes, it’s true that kola is the protected animal in all States of Australia. However, apart from the New South Wales which has promulgated relevant laws, there is no law to protect the eucalyptus(桉树) forests that koala depends on for survival and concealment. As human beings expand their homes step by step, the habitat and living environment of koala are reducing. The latest calculations show that the number of wild koalas is only 43 thousand.
A: That’s too bad, Why do those people take away the habitat of such lovely animals? Canada is not small, on the contrary, just 24 million Australians enjoy such a large land, which is only a little smaller than China and far more than Japan. Why can’t they let the koalas keep their own home?
B: I deeply agree with you, at the same time, there many foreign tourists go to Australia to see koalas every year. The economic effects brought by koalas shouldn’t be ignored, not to mention the value of the forest itself! If those landowners take a long view, I don’t think protect the koalas is bad to them.  
A: That's exactly what I want to say!

Unit 6
8. How do you understand that being a celebrity is both a blessing and a curse?
A: Hey, look at the picture, she is so beautiful, I always like her!
B: Yeah I like her, too. But I admire her for being able to deal with media scenes so calmly at a young age. Not everyone can bear the pressure and endure the constantly harass for paparazzi young as her.
A: Since you say that, I'd like to share some ideas about the topic. It's undeniable that celebrities do get a lot of their work, fame, wealth, the worship form others, they almost become the luckiest one in the society. On the surface, it seems that being a celebrity become the easiest way to success, even children are dreaming for being a star. But actually, they paid much more than public thought.
B: Yes, even if we put aside their effects to success, ignore the huge competition pressure, the life of celebrity is not easy as we thought. Being concerned by public also means that their privacy has great commercial value, so that they are always entangled by paparazzi and can hardly enjoy their own life.
A: You say the point, be accomplished by their fans, their lives are also deeply influenced by the idea of masses, they are not free at all.
B: Maybe it’s the price of being a celebrity, because this, someone says being a celebrity is both a blessing and a curse.

9. What is the proper attitude towards celebrities¡¯ privacy? 
A: Have you seen the news? The young star was forced to break up with his girlfriend by his fans, which was unlucky enough.
B: I don’t pay much attention to this kinds of news, but I think fans shouldn’t interfere too much with the private lives of their idols. Even they are the fans, they are not the man, at all.
A: I can understand what you say, but at the same time I can understand them to a certain extent. Fans always want their idols get the best, they hope the other half of their idols is good enough.
B: This mood is good, but I still think that fans and public don’t have right to interfere the celebrity’s life, even those celebrities usually share their life with them, the celebrities’ lives do not belong to the public, they have their own life, and also have the right to make choice by themselves.
A: Maybe you are right, sometimes fans don’t like their idols, but the person they imagine, they hope their idols prefect as they thought, but a living man can hardly do that.
B: Yes, so I think, in the relationship between with their idols, fans and public should know this point and don’t interfere too much of their privacy. If there are something they want to share with public, I think they will do, and fans can congratulate to them, if there are some private things important to them, fans should understand and give the breathing space to them.
A: I agree with you, but I think there is one thing you forgive. The privacy shouldn’t violate law and morality, if those celebrities do something really bad, I think the public has the right to know that, and avoid being deceived by the wicked.
B: Of course~

Unit 7
10. Group members are talking about stem cell research. One believes that the research may help to cure devastating diseases. The others are concerned about the negative effects and ethical issues that stem cell research may pose. 
A: Hey, xxx, xxx ,do you know that there has been a great breakthrough in stem cell research recently? Scientists say the breakthrough may cure some difficult diseases. For example, Cancer in the future may be very easy to cure.
B:Really? But I heard that stem cell research has some difficult problems, which may lead to other diseases in clinical practice.
A: This is a stage that must be experienced in scientific research. Every great invention was not recognized at first. Besides, stem cell research can also be used in cloning technology. What a great invention!
C:Cloning technology? Sounds exciting! I always dream of the realization of cloning technology, so that our life will be much more convenient. But I'm also a little worried about the ethical problems brought about by cloning technology.
B:I think so. Once cloning technology develops, there will be many ethical problems that can hardly be adjusted.
C: And cloning human beings may give criminals better regulation of crime.
A:I think all science and technology have their advantages and disadvantages. What we need is to make good use of them rather than abandon them for fear of shortcomings.
B, C: You are right. Nice to talk with you. 
A:Me too.

11. Group members are talking about the books they like. They share with each other the benefits they can get out of their reading novels and scientific essays. 

A: Hello , nice to meet you , what’s going on these days?
B: I joined a reading association and read an interesting science book about universe named Brief History of Time, which consists of twelve chapters, all about the most advanced knowledge of the nature of the universe.
A: Oh, I have read it before, what impress me most is the relationship about the time and space. It shaped my view of the universe and time, and gave me a interest in physics.
B: It seems you have learned a lot from this book written by Steven Hocking. Have you read other meaningful books? I want to read some books during my long summer holiday.
A:Emmmm, let me think. In fact , I didn’t read too many science books. Most books I have read are novels. I'd like to recommend a novel to you which is the most famous one in Chinese Youth Literature.
B : I’m kind of curious about it. What’s its name and what’s it about?
A:It is Dragon Raja written by Jiangnan , a famous Chinese writer. The story is about a ignorant and responsible boy was invited to kill the dragon by the mysterious college. It not only a blood novel, but also Reappear the youth of everyone. Everyone can find his own shadow from it.
B:Sounds interesting! I’ll read it if I have time. Thank you for your recommendation.
A:You are welcome!

12. What do you think of the educational role that museums play?
A: Hey! I visited the Nanjing Museum the other day , which is an amazing one with lots of precious collections. I have learned a lot things from it , which can hardly be learned just from the textbook. 
B: You are right. Nowadays, students are more and more inclined to study through books and Internet rather than by themselves. In this way, What students learn is often divorced from reality and can not be used. So museums provide a great chance for students to know more about this world.
A: I completely agree with you. Museums not only provide a rich and colorful world for students, but they also have inspiring stories, a long history instrument, and so on, which can form an unparalleled educational force and are easier and more profound than the teachers are told in the classroom.
B: Oh , what you said makes me want to go to museum, too. Do you have time this weekend? What about visiting another museum to learn and have fun?
A: That’s a good idea. See you on Saturday.

Unit 8
13. Group members are talking about globalization. They are giving examples and analyzing the positive and negative effects of it. 
A: Hey, have you heard that the United States is going to increase tariffs on China? 
B: Yeah, it’s so crazy. A trade war between China and the United States is imminent. That’s probably the downside of globalization. 
A: Maybe. But in my opinion, globalization has many advantages. For example, globalization has made international trade more convenient. Capital and technology of developed countries and human resources of developing countries can complement each other to achieve faster economic development.
B: I don’t think so. As the economic trade war has shown, the developed world remains the dominant player in global capital flows, the rule maker. They have been putting developing countries at a disadvantage by shifting highly polluting industries to developing countries.
A: Maybe you are right. But you can't deny that because of globalization, we don't have to go abroad to taste the world's food and buy the world's goods. You can even communicate with them directly online. Isn't that the benefit of globalization?
B: You're right. Maybe I was too averse to globalization. We should face and adapt to globalization with a more positive attitude in order to be worthy of this era of rapid development.

14. How does the spread of western culture threaten local culture? What can be done to protect and revive traditional culture? Giving examples and analyzing the possible reasons. 
A: It's almost summer vacation at last. Do you have any plans for the summer vacation?
B: Nop. Maybe I will travel somewhere. How about you?
A: Me? I have no plans for the summer vacation except to do a social practice.
B: Wowww. Social practice. What is your topic? 
A: Emmmm. A study on the influence of western cultural festivals on Chinese traditional festivals.
B: Sounds interesting. Do you have any ideas?
A: Yeah. I think there are two main reasons for the prevalence of western festivals and the decline of traditional festivals. On the one hand, western festivals are popular because young people are more open-minded and curious about western culture. On the other hand, after the founding of new China, the value of traditional festivals was devalued due to the neglect of traditional festivals and the removal of them as the dregs of the old era.
B: You’re right. You're right. But I think there's a deeper reason. Ultimately, the reason for this phenomenon is essentially cultural self-neglect and self-colonization. Modern history has left behind not only endless resentment and anger, but also deep-rooted inferiority .Backwardness and being beaten have become people's habitual summarization of modern history, and numbness, inferiority and even hatred have become the attitude of most people towards their own culture.
A: Because of this, in today's lack of cultural identity, we should take a devout heart to recognize the truth of our own traditional festivals. Only in this way can we reverse the status quo of cultural invasion.

15. What do you know about dinosaur builders? Why did dinosaurs become extinct? 
1


